---
layout: default
title:  "We Did It"
date:   2021-01-02 19:37:27 -0700
categories: weekly reading
---

- ~~Physics~~ Oh god,&nbsp; well at least it’s done.&nbsp; The rest can’t be that bad. 
- ~~Biology~~ I wanna die. 
- ~~Mathematics~~ ha ha. ha. 
- ~~Chemistry~~ Jesus Christ. 

Phew! We did it—I think? This has been a frantic,&nbsp; distant,&nbsp; and impossibly difficult year,&nbsp; but I’m so glad we were all able to come to the end of it together.&nbsp; Before I stand atop my digital soapbox one last time,&nbsp; let me congratulate and thank you for making it to the end of Science One together with me.&nbsp; We did it. 

Thank you to everyone in Science One for somehow having the wild skill not to necessarily do well on Chemistry tests,&nbsp; but to form a community without ever seeing each other beyond the veil of a computer screen.&nbsp; I feel like I've gotten to know you all over the course of this year,&nbsp; and I can’t wait to meet everyone in person. 

Thank you to the Science One teaching team for making this year incredible despite a global pandemic and the scourge of Zoom lectures.&nbsp; Chris A.,&nbsp; Chris W.,&nbsp; Colin,&nbsp; Costanza,&nbsp; James,&nbsp; Jim,&nbsp; John,&nbsp; Nolan,&nbsp; Pam,&nbsp; and Stephen,&nbsp; we are so grateful to all of you, and we can’t wait to meet you in person as soon as the world permits.  

Finally,&nbsp; thank you to Zoom for making me hate you. 

I hope that OneWeekly was able to serve you in some way this year and helped you.&nbsp; Even if it was in the smallest way,&nbsp; I’m grateful to have had the opportunity to help. 

For the last time,&nbsp; thank you for visiting [OneWeekly.ca](https://oneweekly.ca).&nbsp; Let's blow this pop stand.      
-Jocelyn